darkfriend77: evidence for promotion to rank 1 (#110)
polkadot-fellows/Evaluations: evidence/darkfriend77/0001-promote-rank-1-012024.md

# Evidence-0001: Promotion to Rank 1

|                 |                                                                                             |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Report Date** | Date of submission (2025/01/09)                                                             |
| **Submitted by**| Cedric Decoster                                                                             |

## Member details

- Matrix username: @roxontox:matrix.org
- Polkadot address: 14MVAs6jPc7bPW33fC7eTwz4Zf1pD3KWW4tQtrHWUd9w1Phx
- Current rank: 0
- Date of initial induction: 2025/01/09
- Date of last report: N/A

> - Area(s) of Expertise/Interest:
>   - Gaming & Simulations
>   - C# API / SDK

Reviewer: Be more specific. Maybe:

```suggestion
- Area(s) of Expertise/Interest:
  - Substrate C# Stack
  - Polkadot SDK for Unity
```

---

### Key Contributions
Github handle: https://github.com/darkfriend77

**Substrate C# Stack**
* https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.NET.API
* https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.NET.Toolchain
* https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.NET.Wallet
* https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.Chains.NET
* (Archived) https://github.com/ajuna-network/SubstrateNetApi
* https://www.nuget.org/profiles/SubstrateGaming

**Polkadot SDK for Unity**
* https://github.com/PolkadotPlay/Polkadot.Unity.SDK

**Ajuna Network** (https://github.com/ajuna-network):
* https://github.com/ajuna-network/pallet-ajuna-connectfour
* https://github.com/ajuna-network/pallet-ajuna-matchmaker
* https://github.com/ajuna-network/pallet-ajuna-gameregistry
* https://github.com/ajuna-network/pallet-ajuna-rps
* https://github.com/ajuna-network/pallet-dotmog
* https://github.com/ajuna-network/ajuna-pallets

**Web3 Grants**
* https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/pull/265
* https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/pull/433

> * (with PolyCrypt) https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/pull/893

Reviewer: Please either rephrase to provide context and meaning to these links or simply integrate them (or just the big impact ones) in the other well described sections of the letter.

Except this section of links, everything reads well and I can easily understand the context and value added 👍

- [Substrate .NET Toolchain](https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.NET.Toolchain):
  A vital component for utilizing the C# Stack, is the Toolchain, the code generator creates a full SDK based on a node's metadata.
  - Extends the core API client with typed access to storage elements and extrinsics.
  - Recently updated to support JSON-RPC 2.0 transaction handling ('transactionWatch_v1_submitAndWatch') and enhanced event tracking via 'TransactionEventInfo'.
  - Refactored code generation to Roslyn instead of CodeDom. [PR](https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.NET.Toolchain/pull/64)
- [Substrate .NET Wallet](https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.NET.Wallet):
  A comprehensive C# wallet stack supporting functionalities like key derivation and account creation, mirroring features available in Polkadot.JS.
- [Substrate Chains .NET](https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.Chains.NET):
  A repository of pre-generated SDK artifacts for various Polkadot relay and parachains.
  - These SDKs are released as NuGet packages for easy integration into C# projects.

>   - Example: [Polkadot C# SDK](https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.Chains.NET/tree/main/Substrate.Polkadot.NET) and it's the published [NUGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Substrate.Polkadot.NET.Extension/1.3004.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Example: [Polkadot C# SDK](https://github.com/SubstrateGaming/Substrate.Chains.NET/tree/main/Substrate.Polkadot.NET) and its published [NUGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Substrate.Polkadot.NET.Extension/1.3004.0).
```
